### Decentralized Business Process Management System

A decentralized Business Process Management System (dBPMS) is a collection of
software components for managing and executing modelled processes on multiple
distributed devices and systems. In contrast to established BPMS the most
important characteristic is the existence of multiple process engines on
different devices and systems that cooperate to successfully execute a process.

Synonyms: _(Decentralised Process) Environment_

### Management System

The Management System is one part of a (d)BPMS. It manages and monitors the
process lifecycle. It offers functionalities like process creation, storage,
administration, evaluation, etc. In the PROCEED project it mainly offers
inovative ways to create a process for executing it in a dBPMS.

### Distributed Process Engine

A Distributed Process Engine (DPE) is a process engine extended with
functionality for operating in a dBPMS. Usually there are multiple DPEs
installed and distributed on multiple systems in a network. In contrast to
established process engines a Distributed Process Engine contains components for
cooperating with other DPEs. Yet, the basic process engine functionalities are
still included like interpreting a process description and supporting the
execution of a process.

Synonyms: _(Process or Workflow Execution) Engine_

### Machine

A Machine is every system on which a DPE is or can be installed. Since one of
PROCEEDs main goals is to integrate IoT devices, small constraint micro
controller, smartphones or sensors are all called Machines. But this also
includes big IT servers or industry production systems.

Synonyms: _Device_

### Capability

A Capability is a Machines functionality that is offered to all other
Distributed Process Engines and can be used inside a process from a BPMN Script
Task. It is something that can be executed like measuring a temperature or
taking a photo. It is not a property of a Machine, e.g. if it has a connected
screen.

### Parent Process

The unseparated process which contains multiple child processes.

### Child Process

One of multiple separated parts of a (_parent_) process. It can contain one or
multiple steps, e.g. events and/or activities. The Child Process is the part of
a process that is executed on one DPE on one device/system. Afterwards the
execution flow is forwarded to the next device/system.
